feat: uniform layout and naming of hints, remarks, exceptions (#660) (#860)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/deprecation.adoc

8594 section 3]) header on each response affected by a deprecated element (see
<<187>>).

> NOTE: We explicitly discourage the use of `Link` relation headers using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We explicitly discourage the use of `Link` relation headers using
```

include::../includes/sunset.yaml[lines=3..-1]
----

NOTE: Adding the {Deprecation} and {Sunset} header is not sufficient to gain
client consent to shut down an API or feature.

> TIP: In earlier guideline versions, we used the {Warning} header to provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Historic information*: In earlier guideline versions, we used the {Warning} header to provide
```

We recommend that client owners build alerts on this monitoring information to
ensure alignment with service owners on required migration task.

> TIP: In earlier guideline versions, we used the `Warning` header to provide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Historic information*: In earlier guideline versions, we used the `Warning` header to provide
```
